Annotations that could not be placed — 23 of 4649 — September 06, 2026

These annotations were skipped: the passage each one highlights could
not be found in the text of the book. The annotation is left out of
this edition; everything else is unaffected.

1. Episode:      Lestrygonians
   Highlighted:  "Powerful man he was at stowing away number one Bass. Barrel of Bass. S ee? It all works out."

2. Episode:      Lestrygonians
   Highlighted:  "La causa è santa! Tara tara. Great chorus that. Tara."

3. Episode:      Wandering Rocks
   Highlighted:  "an idée fixe"

4. Episode:      Cyclops
   Highlighted:  (this annotation has no visible text)

5. Episode:      Cyclops
   Highlighted:  (this annotation has no visible text)

6. Episode:      Cyclops
   Highlighted:  "And at the sound of the sacring bell , headed by a crucifer with acolytes, thurifers, boatbearers, readers, ostiarii, deacons and subdeacons, the blessed company drew nigh of mitred  abbots and priors and guardians and monks and friars:"

7. Episode:      Cyclops
   Highlighted:  "&mdash;Qui fecit coelum et terram."

8. Episode:      Cyclops
   Highlighted:  "Deus, cuius verbo sanctificantur omnia, benedictionem tuam effunde super creaturas istas: et praesta ut quisquis eis secundum legem et voluntatem Tuam cum gratiarum actione usus fuerit per invocationem sanctissimi nominis Tui corporis sanitatem et animae tutelam Te auctore percipiat"

9. Episode:      Cyclops
   Highlighted:  "per Christum Dominum nostrum."

10. Episode:      Cyclops
   Highlighted:  "Százharminczbrojúgulyas-Dugulas (Meadow of Murmuring"

11. Episode:      Cyclops
   Highlighted:  "Visszontlátásra, kedvès baráton! Visszontlátásra!  Gone but not forgotten."

12. Episode:      Cyclops
   Highlighted:  "M. P, J. P., M. B., D. S. O., S. O. D., M. F. H., M. R. I. A., B. L., Mus. Doc., P. L. G., F. T. C. D., F. R. U. I., F. R. C. P. I. and F. R. C. S. I."

13. Episode:      Nausicaa
   Highlighted:  "for all that d arling little fellows with bright merry faces and endearing ways about them"

14. Episode:      Nausicaa
   Highlighted:  "O, and will you ever forget the evening she dressed up in her father’s suit and hat and the burned cork moustache and walked down Tritonville road, smoking a cigarette. There was none to come up to her for fun."

15. Episode:      Nausicaa
   Highlighted:  "Little monkeys common as ditchwater . Someone ought to take them and give them a good hiding  for themselves to keep them in their places, the both of them."

16. Episode:      Nausicaa
   Highlighted:  "That would have been a very charming expose for a gentleman like that to witness."

17. Episode:      Nausicaa
   Highlighted:  "beautifully shaped legs like that, s upply soft and delicately rounded"

18. Episode:      Nausicaa
   Highlighted:  "O so lovely! O, so soft, sweet, soft!"

19. Episode:      Nausicaa
   Highlighted:  "She walked with a certain quiet dignity characteristic of her but with care and very slowly because, because Gerty MacDowell was..."

20. Episode:      Nausicaa
   Highlighted:  (this annotation has no visible text)

21. Episode:      Nausicaa
   Highlighted:  "After Glencree dinner that was when we drove home  the featherbed mountain."

22. Episode:      Nausicaa
   Highlighted:  "I’ll murder you. Is it only half fun? O r children playing battle. Whole earnest."

23. Episode:      Circe
   Highlighted:  (this annotation has no visible text)

